Missing features:
 - A backfill option for bin/twitter-search, so we don't miss questions
   if the server is down for some reason. (At the moment only questions
   posted while the server is running can be answered, which is unacceptable.)
   
   Presumably this would also involve tracking which questions have been answered,
   probably in Redis since we're using it anyway and it's perfect for that sort
   of thing, so that we don't answer the same question twice. That would have the
   added benefit of coping with repetition in the streaming feed, which can happen
   according to Twitter's documentation.
 
 - Intelligent truncation of response if it would be longer than 140 characters
 
 - A nice profile pic and bio for the Twitter account
 
 - Ability to specify councils by location rather than name, specifically by:
   o postcode
   o partial postcode
   o geotagged tweets
 
 - Allow council names (at least) to be specified in abbreviated form,
   e.g. Cambs rather than Cambridgeshire.
 
 - Make use of the spending classification, where available in the data.
   
   For example, investments are lumped in with spending as things stand,
   which is odd since money that has been invested has not actually been
   spent in the way that most people would understand the word.
   
   Also it would be nice if users could ask for totals in a particular
   category, say. One would need to look harder at the data to understand
   precisely what could be done with this.
 
 - Make the tweet format more flexible, so that queries with an obvious meaning
   can be understood even if they're not "properly" formatted. (This would
   benefit from seeing how real users try to interact with it.)
 
 - Dialogues with the asker, to resolve serious ambiguity, e.g.
  
   @theyspentwhat in Cambridgeshire during 2010
   @asker Do you mean 1) Cambridgeshire County Council, 2) East Cambridgeshire
          or 3) South Cambridgeshire?
   @theyspentwhat 1 (OR: @theyspentwhat county -- anything that unambiguously answers it)
   
   (The "most interesting" heuristic feels rather arbitrary in such cases.)

Other things that need doing:
 - User-facing documentation (at least a web page)

 - Get a better feeling for the limitations of the data.
   For example there are some entries with negative values: how should they be
   treated? But there must be many other limitations. The inconsistent date ranges
   of available data make the whole lot trickier to interpret in aggregate, too.

 - Thorough testing of all the edge cases, etc.

 - Trial with real users

Vague ideas:
 - Some way to facilitate online conversation about the data.
   Maybe a hashtag, and archive tagged conversations on a web site?
